I'm sorry strawberry it's just to warm
the snowmaking machine can't keep its
cool
thanks for trying berrykin Bruce oh well
fun while it lasted just when we worked
out the team's hmm let's go have to wait
till next winter yeah hold on everybody
gather round what if we made our snowmen
out of something other than snow Oh
anybody have any ideas of what we can
use to build a snowman that's white
fluffy you mean besides mashed potatoes
mashed potatoes hey I was joking
I'm not it could work come on everybody
they're perfect
it feels like winter boom maybe I
shouldn't have put away my winter
fashion do you think it's so cold and
windy to play yes and it'll be getting
dark soon
oh let's come back in the morning
meanwhile hot chocolate for everyone at
the cafe
you